Add barcode-decoder polyfill note. (#4)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-vue-barcode-scanner: README.md

# bedrock-vue-barcode-scanner

> [!NOTE]
> Consider using the [barcode-detector][] polyfill.

> This project uses [html5-qrcode][] which, as of early 2025, is not maintained.
> It uses an embedded old version of [zxing][] / [zxing-js][] which are also not
> maintained. On some platforms, such as iOS/Safari, this older code can result
> in a serious performance regression especially when trying to scan large QR
> Codes.
> 
> [html5-qrcode][] does have support for the [BarcodeDetector][] API, which has
> [limited support](https://caniuse.com/?search=barcodedetector), but does have
> polyfills. One such polyfill is [barcode-detector][] which is based on the more
> performant [zxing-wasm][] / [zxing-cpp][]. Loading the [barcode-detector][]
> polyfill before [html5-qrcode][] is loaded can offer considerable performance
> improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project presently uses [html5-qrcode][] which, in turn, uses the
[BarcodeDetector][] API. This API is not yet
[supported](https://caniuse.com/?search=barcodedetector) on all
platforms, and [html5-qrcode][] relies on [zxing][] / [zxing-js][] in
those cases. On some platforms, such as iOS/Safari, this code
can result in a serious performance regression especially when trying
to scan large QR Codes, highlighting the importance of loading a
newer and more performant [BarcodeDetector][] API polyfill to support
these platforms.

One such polyfill is [barcode-detector][], which is based on the very
performant [zxing-wasm][] / [zxing-cpp][]. Loading the
[barcode-detector][] polyfill before [html5-qrcode][] is loaded can offer
considerable performance improvements and is therefore presently
recommended whenever using this project where platforms may not have
[BarcodeDetector][] API support.

It is also important to note that, as of early 2025, [html5-qrcode][] is not
maintained and neither is the older [zxing][] / [zxing-js][] code. Once this
project replaces its use of [html5-qrcode][], this message will be updated
with new recommendations for enabling scanning on platforms that
do not provide Web-native barcode scanning.
```
